add scheme_id file, rationale & motivation (#10)
Nerolation/EIP-ERC-721-Stealth-Addresses: eip-registry.md

## Motivation

> The standardization of  stealth address generation holds the potential to greatly enhance the privacy capabilities of Ethereum by enabling the recipient of a transfer to remain anonymous when receiving an asset. By introducing a central place for users to store their stealth meta-addresses EOAs and contracts can engage in programmatic ways, guranteeing interoperability accross a specific chain, while offering enough flexibilty to implement improved stealth address schemes in the future.

Reviewer: A few typos, and some more material changes. Feel free to pushback on whatever parts you want
```suggestion
The standardization of stealth address generation holds the potential to greatly enhance the privacy capabilities of Ethereum by enabling the recipient of a transfer to remain anonymous when receiving an asset. By introducing a central smart contract for users to store their stealth meta-addresseses, EOAs and contracts can programmatically engage in stealth interactions using a variety of stealth address scehemes.
```

## Rationale

> Having a central place for registering stealth meta-addresses has several benefits. It gurantees interoperability with other smart contracts, as they can easily retrieve and utilize the registered stealth meta-addresses. This enables applications such as ENS or Gnosis to use that information and integrate stealth addresses into their services. The registry contract ensures that users are not depended on off-chain sources to retrieve the stealth meta-address of another user. A registration can be interpreted as being ready to receive stealth address transactions, enabling users to indicate this ability. By deploying the registry as a singleton contract, multiple projects can access the same set of stealth meta-addresses, contributing to improved standardization.

Reviewer: Great rationale, so I kept all of it and just tweaked some phrasings and made it into a list so it's a bit more readable
```suggestion
Having a central smart contract for registering stealth meta-addresses has several benefits:
1. It guarantees interoperability with other smart contracts, as they can easily retrieve and utilize the registered stealth meta-addresses. This enables applications such as ENS or Gnosis Safe to use that information and integrate stealth addresses into their services.
2. It ensures that users are not dependent on off-chain sources to retrieve a user's stealth meta-address.
3. Registration of a stealth meta-address in this contract provides a standard way for users to communicate that they're ready to participate in stealth interactions.
4. By deploying the registry as a singleton contract, multiple projects can access the same set of stealth meta-addresses, contributing to improved standardization.
```
